ARROW-14848: [R] Implement bindings for lubridate's parse_date_time (#12589)
apache/arrow: r/NEWS.md

  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
-->
# development version

  * `lubridate::parse_date_time()` datetime parser (only for year, month, and day components with separators). Not all functionality has been implemented:

>     * the `orders` argument in the Arrow binding works slightly different than in `lubridate::parse_date_time()` and closer to `lubridate::parse_date_time2()` and `lubridate::fast_strptime()`: `orders` are transformed into `formats` which subsequently get applied in turn. There is no `select_formats` parameter and no inference takes place. `lubridate::parse_date_time()` usually "trains" formats on a subset of the input vector and then applies them according to performance on the training set. 

Reviewer: I find this bullet point a bit confusing (especially if read outside the context of this PR):

I know the history, but as an end-user I would immediately wonder: if the implementation "if "parse_date_time()` is closer to `parse_date_time2()` or `fast_strptime()`, why didn't they implement those instead?"

Perhaps a better approach would be to enumerate positively what _can_ be done currently rather than referencing other functions (+ listing what can't)

Author: re-worded. hopefully it is a bit clearer.

-->
# development version

  * `lubridate::parse_date_time()` datetime parser:
    * currently only `orders` containing the year, month, and day components are supported. In a future release `orders` containing other datetime components (such as hours, minutes, seconds, etc) will be added.
    * strings with no separators (e.g. `"20210917"`) could be ambiguous and are not yet supported.

>     * the `orders` argument in the Arrow binding worksas follows: `orders` are transformed into `formats` which subsequently get applied in turn. There is no `select_formats` parameter and no inference takes place (like is the case in `lubridate::parse_date_time()`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * the `orders` argument in the Arrow binding works as follows: `orders` are transformed into `formats` which subsequently get applied in turn. There is no `select_formats` parameter and no inference takes place (like is the case in `lubridate::parse_date_time()`).
```
